Improve gesture handling, mouse mapping and ZRLE widget support (#26)
Goddchen/flutter-vnc: CHANGELOG.md

## 0.6.2

- Update `dart_rfb` to version 0.7.0 (refactored read loop)

## 0.7.0

- Use `dart_rfb` 0.9.0 with ZRLE support and widget-side logging

## 0.7.1

> - Fix `Unsupported operation: Infinity or NaN toInt` error in gesture detector
> - Add defensive checks for Infinity/NaN values in coordinate calculations
> 
> ## 0.7.2
> 
> - Fix mouse pointer coordinate mapping to correctly handle different aspect ratios
> - Fix coordinate calculation to account for BoxFit.contain scaling and centering offsets
> - Fix widget size tracking to update correctly when window is resized
> - Use ValueListenableBuilder to react to size changes in real-time
> - Improve SizeTrackingWidget to use LayoutBuilder for accurate size updates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 0.7.0

- Use `dart_rfb` 0.9.0 with ZRLE support and widget-side logging
- Fix `Unsupported operation: Infinity or NaN toInt` error in gesture detector
- Add defensive checks for Infinity/NaN values in coordinate calculations
- Fix mouse pointer coordinate mapping to correctly handle different aspect ratios
- Fix coordinate calculation to account for BoxFit.contain scaling and centering offsets
- Fix widget size tracking to update correctly when window is resized
- Use ValueListenableBuilder to react to size changes in real-time
- Improve SizeTrackingWidget to use LayoutBuilder for accurate size updates
- Thanks @Spokplacenta !
```

I would have really liked it if those 3 topics would have been separate PRs 😉 But making it 3 versions  is unnecessary.
